# This is the story about a cat who overthinks...

### Project Name: Overthinking Cat Comic

### Project Description: 
Our project is centered around a 'choose your own adventure' concept. It deals with a cat, Alex (protagonist), who is aiming to ask out his crush; however, like most people, the overthinking of the scenario puts two extreme versions of the event in his head: overly anxious, overly confident. With this concept in mind, we wanted to keep the story light and interesting by choosing cats as our main characters and describing the emotions through experiences that the animals would have. Our comic and its design is set up in this way to highlight the comical nature of the story and to keep the entire experience light-hearted, which can be seen and felt through the styles used in drawings, backgrounds, text font, and the text itself. We want users to enjoy the story by being able to interact with the scenarios yet allow them to deal with very human-level emotions by making the choices we make every day.

### Process: 
There were many different parts to our project so we broke it down according to our skills. One of the most important aspects was getting the vibe of the cartoons right, for this we created drawings of the cats' many different emotions and movements and made them into GIFs using photoshop. In terms of how we wanted to tell the story, we all agreed that we wanted to grant the users ability to choose which emotion-led scenario they wanted to play out -- for this reason, the scrolling webpage worked best as it allowed us to unfold the story by the users scrolling which they would do intuitively. 
In terms of the coding, it was very important to have a wireframe first to bring everyone's vision together. We were able to build the basic structure based off of the wireframe and our storyline, which made it easy to break down the tasks among the coding team and work on them remotely. We came together and each person worked at one task at a time, helping us to keep track of what tasks were done and to be more efficient because whoever was done with their task could move onto another one. This project pushed us to communicate at all phases to coordinate the design choices and different effects we used. Github was the backbone of working on the same code and almost a fifth member of the team.

### Reflection/Evaluation: 
We all really enjoyed brainstorming story ideas and how to bring them alive through comics. A lot of McCloud's theory was extremely helpful for this because we considered things such as spaces, size of containers, backgrounds and text as all important parts of our creation process. We communicated really well as a team and all had a clear understanding of what the finished design would look like. I think we genuinely exceeded our expectations because we are really happy with how the website looks and functions but we are excited to know what others' feedback would be and that will help us improve it further. 
